# AghanimsAcceptor

Automated Dota2 game acceptor.

***REQUIREMENTS***:<p>
Settings in Dota2 [Settings -> Advanced Options -> Bring Dota 2 to front when match found]

***REQUIREMENTS (Phillips Hue Support)***:<p>
Hue Bridge 2nd Generation
<p>
	
***GENERAL USAGE***:<p>
1. Start button will kick-off an exe (DotaGameAcceptor.exe) that will wait for Dota2.exe to become focused window (no additional user interaction is required).
2. This script exe will exit if user input is detected (mouse movement) or when a game is found.
3. When a game is found, Dota2.exe will become focused window due to setting change from above.
4. Script exe will then wait a few seconds and press Enter to accept the game.
<p>
	
***USAGE (Hue Support)***:<p>
1. Configure HueUserLights.xml (See configuration section)
2. Connect to Hue Bridge by clicking Light Bulb Icon
3. [First time use] Light bulb will turn Red (Error connecting), expected for first time use.
4. [First time use] Press Link button on Hue Bridge to allow new connections.
5. [First time use] Click Light Bulb icon again. Hue authentication key will be saved in HueAuthentication.xml
6. The icon will turn green when a connection is successful and Hue lights configure should flash once.
7. Once a game is found, Hue lights will flash for 10 seconds using the "lalert" command to all lights configured in HueUserLights.xml
<p>
	
***CONFIGURATION***:<p>
Uses light name configured in Hue setup to find and alert lights.
<p>
To add additional lights, add under <Lights> </Lights>:
	
```xml
<Light>
  <Name>New light name</Name>		
</Light>
```

Schema:
```xml
<HueUserLights>
  <Lights>
    <Light>
      <Name>Hue Iris 1</Name>		
    </Light>
    <Light>
      <Name>Hue color downlight</Name>		
    </Light>		
  </Lights>
</HueUserLights>
```
Hue Authentication:

Schema:
```xml
<HueAuthSuccess>
  <success>
    <username>A!@45JNJKIDF54Nn67KJBNDIU</username>
  </success>
</HueAuthSuccess>
```
<p>

***NOTES***
1. The application will try to create and write to a file (HueAuthentication.xml) on first use of connecting, Run As Admin if you do not have these privledges.
2. The HueAuthentication.xml file can be deleted and regenerated by pressing the Link button on your Hue Bridge and attempting to connect.
